Based on the provided text, here are 10 challenging questions without hints in the options:

1. What is the estimated annual loss to Africa's GDP due to land degradation?
a) 26.7 million euro
b) 56 billion euro
c) 500 billion euro
d) 56 million euro
Ответ: b) 56 billion euro

2. According to the speaker, what percentage of Africa's population directly depends on farming?
a) 30 to 40 percent
b) 50 to 60 percent
c) 70 to 80 percent
d) 90 to 100 percent
Ответ: c) 70 to 80 percent

3. What is the main reason the speaker's younger brothers do not want to farm?
a) Lack of education
b) The farm is no longer productive
c) They prefer other types of work
d) They have moved to the city
Ответ: b) The farm is no longer productive

4. What is the main cause of soil erosion in the Gambia as mentioned by the speaker?
a) Deforestation
b) Overgrazing
c) Intensive rainfall
d) Chemical pollution
Ответ: c) Intensive rainfall

5. What is the primary issue with fertilizer use in the Gambia according to the speaker?
a) Lack of availability
b) Excessive cost
c) Mismanagement and incorrect application
d) Poor quality of fertilizers
Ответ: c) Mismanagement and incorrect application

6. What is the main challenge with soil data in the Gambia?
a) It is too expensive to collect
b) It is outdated
c) It is not shared among farmers
d) It is too complex to understand
Ответ: b) It is outdated

7. What is the Soil Doctors Program?
a) A medical initiative for farmers
b) A program to treat soil diseases
c) A capacity-building program for sustainable soil management
d) A program to develop new soil fertilizers
Ответ: c) A capacity-building program for sustainable soil management

8. What is the speaker's relationship with the Soil Solution?
a) A beneficiary
b) A donor
c) A partner
d) A critic
Ответ: c) A partner

9. What is the main goal of the Africa Soil Health or Africa Soil Strength Program?
a) To increase the use of chemical fertilizers
b) To promote sustainable soil management and soil database creation
c) To export soil to other continents
d) To focus solely on the Gambia's soil issues
Ответ: b) To promote sustainable soil management and soil database creation

10. What is the speaker's view on the role of civil society organizations in comparison to government institutions?
a) They are less effective than government institutions
b) They require more resources than government institutions
c) They are more proactive and willing to work with farmers
d) They are only focused on policy development
Ответ: c) They are more proactive and willing to work with farmers